Update zipkin dashboard images and tracing description (#7910)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/tasks/observability/distributed-tracing/zipkin/index.md

    {{< boilerplate trace-generation >}}

> 1.  From the search panel, click on the plus sign. Select `serviceName` from the first dropdown and `productpage.default` from second dropdown and click the search icon:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  From the search panel, click on the plus sign. Select `serviceName` from the first drop-down list, `productpage.default` from second drop-down, and then click the search icon:
```

Reviewer: I find this instruction confusing because doesn't seem to have any correlation with the following diagram. The text should in some way match what's shown in the following diagram.

    {{< image link="./istio-tracing-list-zipkin.png" caption="Tracing Dashboard" >}}

> 1.  Click on the `TRACE ID` to see the details corresponding to the

Reviewer: Same comment about correlation with the following diagram.

Author: Click on the `ISTIO-INGRESSGATEWAY` from the above list to see the details corresponding to the latest request to `/productpage`

Does this sound good?

Reviewer: Sounds good with minor tweak:
```suggestion
1.  Click on the `ISTIO-INGRESSGATEWAY` search result to see the details corresponding to the
```

Author: Done. Thanks.

>     latest request to the `/productpage`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    latest request to `/productpage`:
```
